Stripe updates (#59)
fivetran/dbt_stripe_source: README.md

    stripe_schema: your_schema_name 
```
## Step 4: Disable models for non-existent sources
This package takes into consideration that not every Stripe account utilizes the `invoice`, `invoice_line_item`, `payment_method`, `payment_method_card`, `plan`, `price`, `subscription`, or `credit_note` features, and allows you to disable the corresponding functionality. By default, all variables' values are assumed to be `true` with the exception of `credit_note`. Add variables for only the tables you want to disable or enable respectively:

```yml
# dbt_project.yml

...
vars:
    stripe__using_invoices:        False  #Disable if you are not using the invoice and invoice_line_item tables
    stripe__using_payment_method:  False  #Disable if you are not using the payment_method and payment_method_card tables
    stripe__using_subscriptions:   False  #Disable if you are not using the subscription and plan/price tables.
    stripe__using_credit_notes:    True   #Enable if you are using the credit note tables.

```
## (Optional) Step 5: Additional configurations
<details><summary>Expand to view configurations</summary>

### Leveraging Plan vs Price Sources

> Customers using Fivetran with the newer Stripe Price API will have a `price` table in place of the older `plan` table. Therefore to accommodate two different source tables we added additional logic in the `stg_stripe__price_plan` model, which replaces the `stg_stripe__plan` model. This model checks if there exists a `price` table using a new `does_table_exist()` macro. If not, it will look for a `plan` table. The default is to use the `price` table if it exists. However if you wish to use the `plan` table instead, you may set `stripe__using_price` to `false` in your `dbt_project.yml` to override the macro. 

Reviewer: Based on our confusion from earlier, I opted to adjust this wording to be a bit more direct and clear with what is happening. I wanted to remove some of the additional details as I don't think they are necessary for customers when setting up the package.
```suggestion
Customers using Fivetran with the newer [Stripe Price API](https://stripe.com/docs/billing/migration/migrating-prices) will have a `price` table, and possibly a `plan` table if that was used previously. Therefore to accommodate two different source tables we added logic to check if there exists a `price` table by default. If not, it will leverage the `plan` table. However if you wish to use the `plan` table instead, you may set `stripe__using_price` to `false` in your `dbt_project.yml` to override the macro. 
```

> We recommend using the `price` table as Stripe replaced the Plans API with the Price API and is backwards compatible.

Reviewer: The backwards compatible piece proved to not be entirely correct. Correct me if I am wrong. Therefore, I think we should remove this piece.
```suggestion
```

Author: Yeah actually think you're right. I tried looking at the stripe docs but couldn't find where it mentioned that so I'm not sure where I got it from in the first place-- will remove it

```yml
# dbt_project.yml

...
config-version: 2

> vars:
>   stripe:
>     stripe__using_price: false #  True by default. If true, will look `price ` table. If false, will look for the `plan` table. 

Reviewer: This configuration means the using price variable will only apply to the transform package. We should make it global in the README so there isn't a chance a customer copies incorrectly.
```suggestion
vars:
  stripe__using_price: false #  True by default. If true, will look `price ` table. If false, will look for the `plan` table. 
```

```

### Leveraging Subscription Vs Subscription History Sources

> For Stripe connectors set up after February 09, 2022 the `subscription` table has been replaced with the new `subscription_history` table. By default this package will look for your subscription data within the `subscription_history` source table. However, if you have a older connector then you must leverage the `stripe__subscription` to have the package use the `subscription` source rather than the `subscription_history` table.

Reviewer: This wording was a bit confusing. Just updated it, let me know if this makes sense.

```suggestion
For Stripe connectors set up after February 09, 2022 the `subscription` table has been replaced with the new `subscription_history` table. By default this package will look for your subscription data within the `subscription_history` source table. However, if you have an older connector then you must configure the `stripe__using_subscription_history` to `false` in order to have the package use the `subscription` source rather than the `subscription_history` table.
```

> **Please note that if you have `stripe__using_subscription_history` enabled then the package will filter for only active records.**
```yml
vars:
    stripe__using_subscription_history: False  # True by default. Set to False if your connector syncs the `subscription` table instead. 
```

### Unioning Multiple Stripe Connectors
If you have multiple Stripe connectors you would like to use this package on simultaneously, we have added the ability to do so. Data from disparate connectors will be unioned together and be passed downstream to the end models. The `source_relation` column will specify where each record comes from. To use this functionality, you will need to either set the `stripe_union_schemas` or `stripe_union_databases` variables. Please also make sure the single-source `stripe_database` and `stripe_schema` variables are removed.

```yml
# dbt_project.yml

...
config-version: 2

vars:
    stripe_union_schemas: ['stripe_us','stripe_mx'] # use this if the data is in different schemas/datasets of the same database/project

>     stripe_union_databases: ['stripe_db_1','stripe_db_2'] # use this if the data is in different databases/projects but uses the same schema name

Reviewer: Small note, let's make this the first in block in the optional config section.

  stripe__payout_metadata:
    - name: 123
      alias: one_two_three

>   stripe__price_plan_metadata: ## Used for both Price and Plan sources

Reviewer: My apologies for not catching this, but we will need to update the CHANGELOG that this variable was renamed. Actually, it looks like we didn't include any of the metadata variables in the previous -> new variable names. Can you add those there.

Author: @fivetran-joemarkiewicz  it looks like the other metadata variables were already prefixed with `stripe`, so I don't think they were renamed?

Reviewer: Ah good catch. Thanks for calling that out. If that is the case then we can just call out the price_plan change.

Author: Yup -- added that 
- `stripe__plan_metadata` variable has been renamed to `stripe__price_plan_metadata`

      alias: one_two_three
  stripe__plan_metadata:
    - name: rename
      alias: renamed_field

>   stripe__price_metadata:

Reviewer: Updating to reflect the changed variable name.
```suggestion
  stripe__price_plan_metadata: ## Used for both Price and Plan sources
```

Reviewer: Additionally, maybe use a different variable as an example below for how you can use the old array version of the variable. Otherwise, update the variable to be `stripe__price_plan_metadata`
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74217849/215216681-8b3c130d-7299-4440-a347-99b18588f9ce.png)

Author: Oh I see what you mean-- yeah just updated it to use `stripe__subscription_metadata` arbitrarily

```yml
vars:

>     stripe__subscription_metadata: ['the', 'list', 'of', 'property', 'fields'] # Note: this is case-SENSITIVE and must match the casing of the property as it appears in the JSON

Author: updated!
